Remove any input value (#98)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: tools/dataProtector/dataProtectorCore/revokeAllAccess.md

### authorizedApp

`AddressOrENS | undefined`

The application address to be removed from the authorization list for the

> specified `protectedData`. If no address is specified, it will return the
> granted access that authorized any app address (equivalent to
> `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specified `protectedData`. If no address is specified, it will revoke all access
from the protected data, regardless of the app.
```

Open question:
If I have given access to my protected data to 3 apps:
 - "0x123..."
 - "0x456..."
 - "0x000..."
(The 2 first access are not really useful since the 3rd one is on the Zero address.)

If I choose to revokeAllAccess with authorizedApp: "0x000...", I believe the two first access remain, right?

### authorizedUser

`AddressOrENS | undefined`

The user address to be removed from the authorization list for the specified
`protectedData`. If no address is specified, it will return the granted access
that authorized any user address (equivalent to

> `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000`).

Reviewer: Same here, better to speak about "it will revoke access to..." instead of "it will return...". (That was correct for read functions but less here)

Also I would remove the mention to the Zero address as I find it confusing.
